{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A clean, professional, and visually appealing infographic in a flat design style, featuring a horizontal three-column layout set against a light grey geometric pattern background with blue and green decorative dots and circles. A large, bold title at the top center reads "REDUCING FINANCIAL STRESS".\
The infographic contains three separate, rounded-corner color-blocked panels below the title, each featuring text, icons, and a character:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Left Panel:
\f0\b0  A blue-colored panel with the title "1. BUDGET" at the top. Below the title is a cartoon icon of a calculator, coins, and a dollar sign. Underneath the icon, a white box contains a bulleted list: "\'95 TRACK INCOME & EXPENSES", "\'95 PLAN MONTHLY SPENDING". At the bottom of the white box is a benefit statement: "BENEFIT: AVOID DEBT". A cartoon illustration of a smiling boy in a grey shirt writing in a notebook is below the white box.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Center Panel:
\f0\b0  A green-colored panel with the title "2. SAVE". Below the title is a cartoon icon of a piggy bank with a coin being inserted. Underneath the icon, a white box contains a bulleted list: "\'95 OPEN STUDENT SAVINGS", "\'95 AUTOMATE PAYMENTS". Below the list is a benefit statement: "BENEFIT: BUILD EMERGENCY FUND". A cartoon illustration of a smiling boy in a white t-shirt next to a stack of grey coins is below the white box.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Right Panel:
\f0\b0  A dark grey panel with the title "3. WORK". Below the title is a cartoon icon of a gear, a clock face, and a dollar sign. Underneath the icon, a white box contains a bulleted list: "\'95 NEGOTIATE A SCHEDULE", "\'95 MANAGE EXAM HOURS". Below the list is a benefit statement: "BENEFIT: SECURE INCOME". A cartoon illustration of a smiling girl with dark hair sitting at a desk with a laptop and a stack of books, next to a wall clock, is below the white box.}